whom he replaces
to one of the men above for his
population is about what can be the
first eleven of the barça good diagonal
there is in short for iniesta ball in the
crescent there we are about to lose
ends up losing or ends up lifting and
tree
comes to press also munir and will be
throw-in
Well, the barcelona is intense
dejesús with munir delay joining the
public also applauds this gesture to
rakitic lifts the ball
barcelona- who can score
to die excellent
From Barcelona
excellent open ball to the right
You have to die the young canterano write down
the quarter of the boat and there we see piqué
how do you talk to luis enrique
well one more goal to die in this
for season
a goal worth seeing again
because it is rickety that opens for the
assistant
dani alves who ends up delivering the
ball we will die fill the play
a high quality action of
barcelona that works with three
touches
for the fourth of the barça another pass there
of excellent from ivan rakitic and see almost
without touching the ground
alves and munir
that entrance
starting match in this first 4 in
the party
Luis Suarez
there we see sandro appear by the
left side
everything has changed
he keeps rafinha and see him at
so much is the only one of attack although it is
probably now I can keep looking
the rise of martín montoya montoya for
die munir that makes a mess in return
tata martino last season have
been some of them great but
to the left
die for the right and the racing to which
makes false 9 something that obviously
we had to do in the Celtic and that in fact
but now with so many young people
on the field without law par or messi
that
canterano who occupies that position of
false 9 to put that will be able to mark
to the ball
lion club defense
excellent woman
in that race
and there's Luis Enrique, let's see another
once the fantastic move the pass d
sergi roberto and the diagonal of coming
looking again we are going to join
receives xavier nader made to join
try to stretch your foot so as not to lose
ball there we are
die
does not lose the ball von eerie just
delivering part is Luis Suarez about
the play field
And he left
Jordi Alba
and he did too
racing have already entered their art for
sandro the shot
of munir that marks the fifth of
barcelona has marked dying the fifth of
barcelona as it came
of minutes to the end second demon
the fifth the 'azulgrana' picture good
demonstrating
a lot of quality and we see how the
ball to sandro
I insist on the kids of the barça of
are playing in these minutes of the
second half
samper join blood
sergi roberto from the first team but
above all these three are being the
authentic animators
of this
end of match then goal to die
second
and joy for your
and the tournament is going to take the barcelona
There is no death
a forceful entry by
iván pineda
not that the anxious public